chore: Mention transform data under run a query (#1076)
appsmithorg/appsmith-docs: website/docs/core-concepts/data-access-and-binding/querying-a-database/README.md

{{ Query1.data }}
```

> DB Queries fetch data in an array of objects where each object is a row, and each key in the object is a column. However, each widget property supports a specific data type. In that case, you can [transform the array data](/core-concepts/data-access-and-binding/displaying-data-read#transform-data) to a data type that's valid for the respective property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Queries fetch data in an array of objects where each object is a row, and each key in the object is a column. However, each widget property supports a specific data type. You can [transform the data](/core-concepts/data-access-and-binding/displaying-data-read#transform-data) from the query response to match the expected datatype in the property.
```
